c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\WebAccessSite.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\WebAccessSite.pdb
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AjaxMin.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.pdb
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ar\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\cs\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\he\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\hi\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\nl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\pl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\pt\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\tr-TR\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-CHS\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-CHT\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\obj\Debug\WebAccessSite.dll
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\obj\Debug\WebAccessSite.pdb
c:\users\n00682994\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\obj\Debug\WebAccessSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\WebAccessSite.dll.config
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\WebAccessSite.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\WebAccessSite.pdb
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AjaxMin.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ar\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\cs\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\he\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\hi\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\nl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\pl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\pt\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\tr-TR\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-CHS\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-CHT\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\obj\Debug\WebAccessSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\obj\Debug\WebAccessSite.dll
C:\Users\Ciroc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAccessSite\WebAccessSite\obj\Debug\WebAccessSite.pdb
